Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Hear me
Natalie Austin: I can't hear you either
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Hold on a minute.
Natalie Austin: I can't hear you.
Natalie Austin: I can't hear you. I don't know what to do here.
Natalie Austin: I'm hit the mute button.
Natalie Austin: There's a mute button down here.
Natalie Austin: It.
Natalie Austin: Says headphones. Here's his headphones.
Natalie Austin: Volume I can
Natalie Austin: Oh, there you go.
Yay.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Renee knight: Oh,
Renee knight: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Awesome obedience. Hi, welcome to Brain heart.
Natalie Austin: I i
Renee knight: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, last night.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Me you I'm Natalie.
Renee knight: Next week,
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm. New too bright heart.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Have you had three buttons past
Or yes,
Natalie Austin: And are you
Natalie Austin: Do you still occur prescription or you've been out on it for a while.
Renee knight: Oh, no.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're just switching over to telemedicine is
Natalie Austin: Switching over
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, tell me about your story.
Natalie Austin: How you got on Suboxone
Renee knight: To
Renee knight: Move.
Renee knight: from Newark, New Jersey.
Renee knight: Treatment
Natalie Austin: For y'all wait for you.
Renee knight: Thank you.
Renee knight: He said,
Renee knight: To me and stuff like that. I've been asked to Boston next month, but you
Renee knight: Would
Renee knight: I can't wait to find out.
Natalie Austin: I'm glad you are
Natalie Austin: Here you
Renee knight: Know I'm on my way to pick up my Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. What does or you want
Renee knight: To
Renee knight: Two. So, or to get this
Natalie Austin: 120 for for like three weeks or something.
Renee knight: I just started
Renee knight: Yeah, just started on Sunday.
Natalie Austin: You take the tablets or the film's
Renee knight: Just though.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Renee knight: Yeah, well, we're on that date they make take everything right in here.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: That's crazy. What's the place called
Natalie Austin: What is it
Mary
Natalie Austin: Mary Haven.
Natalie Austin: Okay that's in Columbus,
Natalie Austin: Gotcha.
Renee knight: Yeah, I'm not. I don't really know my way around too much.
Renee knight: I don't know, to me, since I've been here. You've already been going to
Renee knight: Wherever I had to go to those not come back home.
Natalie Austin: Today, were you did you use IV drugs.
Natalie Austin: No, that's good.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Renee knight: Thank God and 30 years and never shut up.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Natalie Austin: Yes, age 13 years started taking the pills.
Renee knight: No, my 830 I started drinking and I started smoking me then it progressed to take it to
Renee knight: Read sniffing Kochi dinner to snore.
Renee knight: That's how long
Natalie Austin: How long have you been in treatment or did you start buying subs off the
Street.
Natalie Austin: Next month will be how many years.
Renee knight: Would have been me. You
Natalie Austin: Okay, you can claim for three years. That's great.
Renee knight: No, almost. We did not
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Did the rehab.
Natalie Austin: The rehab centers.
Natalie Austin: Are you on a
On a Suboxone
Renee knight: Take it away.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Renee knight: Let's go now.
Natalie Austin: Let's go over your past medical history, um,
Natalie Austin: Do you have any diabetes, hypertension,
Natalie Austin: Hypertension.
Renee knight: COPD.
Natalie Austin: Hypertension COPD.
Natalie Austin: You take any medications.
Renee knight: Oh,
Natalie Austin: I can't hear you, honey.
Renee knight: Love.
Renee knight: That
Natalie Austin: Synthroid
Natalie Austin: Court
Natalie Austin: Right, right.
Natalie Austin: Pressure
Natalie Austin: What is it
Natalie Austin: Oh client and okay
Natalie Austin: You see, you take ibuprofen Simba court and quantity in those are the only three I could hear what else was in
Renee knight: The middle.
Renee knight: Row that
Renee knight: This box.
Renee knight: And
Renee knight: I think I need to do.
Renee knight: Hello.
Renee knight: A. That's it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have bipolar.
Renee knight: manic depression, bipolar women winning side.
Natalie Austin: You don't have diabetes or cholesterol.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Have you had any surgeries.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Renee knight: He said,
Natalie Austin: Okay. How old were you
Renee knight: When I have my friend.
Now,
Natalie Austin: You're 50
He
Natalie Austin: She still live with you are dealing with her.
Natalie Austin: Do you live with her. Does she live with you.
Renee knight: So,
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: To have a son.
Natalie Austin: And a daughter. That's 20
Renee knight: He
Renee knight: He saw your gallbladder and no other surgeries your tonsils.
Natalie Austin: You still have
Renee knight: Yep.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: My family history.
Renee knight: Or your parents still allow your mom still alive. Right.
Natalie Austin: How's your mom now.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Mom 66
Renee knight: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Does she have any health problems or she alive and well.
Renee knight: He had cancer, but it's been in remission.
Renee knight: Okay, she got
Renee knight: Mature. Okay, don't be
Natalie Austin: Diabetes. Okay.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: And your dad does your father.
Renee knight: Know,
Renee knight: Six months.
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry.
Renee knight: You never got to meet your dad.
Know,
Natalie Austin: How old Your dad was when he passed away.
Renee knight: He
Renee knight: 18 okay
Renee knight: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, asthma attack is he died.
Natalie Austin: He was a young kid.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Your dad was 16
Renee knight: My dad.
Natalie Austin: Or your mom was 16 and your dad was. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, if you're 50 your mom 66 yeah I guess you're right. Wow.
Natalie Austin: You have any brothers or sisters
Renee knight: One brother.
Natalie Austin: older or younger.
Younger
Natalie Austin: Does he have any health issues.
Natalie Austin: No, no, it is he
Natalie Austin: 2048. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single divorced engaged.
Natalie Austin: Single, single
Natalie Austin: I have two kids.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: I'm 21 daughter.
Natalie Austin: Are you employed or unemployed.
Natalie Austin: On disability.
Natalie Austin: Do you smoke tobacco.
Renee knight: Yes.
Natalie Austin: How many packs a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, one pack per day.
Natalie Austin: Instance, do you know what age you started smoking cigarettes.
Renee knight: Very cheap.
Natalie Austin: And the house is you still drink alcohol or you're done.
Natalie Austin: With that
Natalie Austin: No alcohol.
Renee knight: No.
Natalie Austin: Any marijuana
Renee knight: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Any other type of any other drugs or just a box of
Natalie Austin: Rocks.
Natalie Austin: Are you still doing that now.
For a week.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Evening, how come. What made you relapse. So we could
Get
Natalie Austin: You run out of the box on or something.
Renee knight: That I still I came home on a Friday and I didn't know my way out Saturday. So on that day.
Renee knight: Might take that Sunday.
Natalie Austin: So since you missed it. On Saturday, the
Natalie Austin: Other stuff then
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, if you mess up, you can't be doing that. Okay, that's not good for you.
Renee knight: Right.
Renee knight: Now about going
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So that other person hadn't introduced that to you. Huh.
Renee knight: No, no, that was so
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Renee knight: So,
Natalie Austin: Okay, you're owning it huh
Natalie Austin: Saw me
Renee knight: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: No, you're not playing the blame game.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: You're cute.
Natalie Austin: Hey, let's see here.
Natalie Austin: Are you having any problems right now like getting audio bombing fever, chills, oh
Renee knight: No.
Natalie Austin: The review of systems.
Natalie Austin: Nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, any
Renee knight: No.
Natalie Austin: difficulty walking
Natalie Austin: Any problems with any problems urinating.
Renee knight: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Any anxiety right now.
Renee knight: That's good. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good, good, good.
Natalie Austin: Do you see
Natalie Austin: Your medicine or does your family doctor again.
Natalie Austin: How often do you
Renee knight: Watch the blue.
Natalie Austin: Once a month, you see your psychiatrist.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Do you have. Do you go to see him, or do you see him on a computer screen like this.
Renee knight: Well, oh
Renee knight: That's right.
Renee knight: So I'm
Renee knight: Making
Natalie Austin: Your next appointment. The 18th
Renee knight: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: And June. Okay. He gives you a three month supply
Renee knight: Yeah, you
Renee knight: Know it's next month on a to
Natalie Austin: Maintain
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other doctors. You see, do you see your family doctor for your Spiriva
Renee knight: And your blood pressure medicine. Yes. I never care.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: As your blood pressure good under
Renee knight: Yes, yes.
Renee knight: Good.
Natalie Austin: You have no headaches from your blood pressure then
No.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any shortness of breath from your
Renee knight: COPD. No. No. Good. Send me your to your medicines working huh
Yes.
Oh, good.
Natalie Austin: No depression sign
Natalie Austin: No, no.
Natalie Austin: trouble sleeping, are you having any issues.
Renee knight: Sleep. I take it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Oh, I've got to your med list here Ambien
Renee knight: Oh, OK. OK.
Natalie Austin: OK. What does that for
Natalie Austin: What part of your body do painting.
Natalie Austin: That okay what happened injury, your back.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. How long ago.
Renee knight: About
Natalie Austin: Five years ago, okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you see a pain. Doctor, they put you on opiates for that.
Natalie Austin: Did what
Renee knight: To be good.
Renee knight: For good
Natalie Austin: Reason, are you taking the Suboxone for pain control to
Natalie Austin: You okay yeah that's that's a nice thing about medicine is it works for both
Natalie Austin: chronic, chronic pain.
Natalie Austin: Review systems and essentially negative
Natalie Austin: Okay, Sam.
How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: What's your weight.
Lose
Natalie Austin: 166
Natalie Austin: Your, your deliverance.
Natalie Austin: Today,
Natalie Austin: Okay, general well developed well nurse female know distress at AMP T parallel cardiac costs attack lungs Oliver aspirations, as women understand extremities know edema cyclone oriented times three pleasant uncooperative
Natalie Austin: neuro transmitters to through 12 attacked
Natalie Austin: Muscle skeletal five lives in know rashes.
Natalie Austin: lymphatics Nolan Batman apathy.
Natalie Austin: Assessment.
Natalie Austin: Hypertension COPD bipolar.
Renee knight: anxiety, fear.
Natalie Austin: Depression, anxiety,
Natalie Austin: chronic low
Natalie Austin: Bipolar yep I got that chronic low back or chronic low back pain and chronic pain syndrome.
Natalie Austin: And insomnia. They cover all the diagnoses.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: You have allergies or anything with the COPD. Sometimes people get
Allergies
Renee knight: 1.1
Natalie Austin: assessment plan.
Natalie Austin: Will do monthly urine.
drug screens.
Natalie Austin: You continue to see your psychiatrist monthly for your meds continue with your family doctor for your other meds.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Was that the lab work just a one time lab work that we will send it to you.
Do that.
Natalie Austin: That does check your overall health of your kidneys and liver
Natalie Austin: Back Association discuss
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed.
Natalie Austin: Check wars monthly
Natalie Austin: Carbon Copy or a copy to dr Jameson for cosine
Natalie Austin: And then we'll do the
Natalie Austin: Suboxone
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Natalie Austin: I want to check with your. Do you have a farm.
Natalie Austin: Don't see you don't see you don't see your pharmacy out loud. I want to check the
Natalie Austin: Public place there.
Natalie Austin: Let me check on my computer here. Okay. And I'll just make sure you have one in there.
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna go to another screen. So don't hang up.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Renee knight: Six.
Natalie Austin: Computer
Renee knight: apothecary
Renee knight: What
Natalie Austin: I'm putting
Natalie Austin: apothecary
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna put this in a computer and see what comes up and one
Natalie Austin: Coming up on high street. Okay. Yep. I got that. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Monday.
Natalie Austin: Are you okay today. What's your medicine doing into started. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Yeah okay so
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna hold on your pharmacy started
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you have enough for tonight.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Today's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday we have group next Thursday. We've group on Thursday. So I'll give you enough time next Thursday. In case you can't make it this week. So let's do 10
Natalie Austin: Days.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Hopefully you can make it this Thursday.
Renee knight: I will
Natalie Austin: Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: We have this in here.
Nope.
Renee knight: I can't sell this prescription
Out.
Natalie Austin: Tucked away on the software side of this
Natalie Austin: I want to check on
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: I think I took it.
Natalie Austin: I
Natalie Austin: Was in the earlier.
Natalie Austin: Don't think I had it.
Natalie Austin: On
Natalie Austin: Our system here, don't leave yet. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Oops.
Natalie Austin: I gotta put all your
Natalie Austin: Problems in
Natalie Austin: Your Medalist so give me a message.
Natalie Austin: On your way back home.
Renee knight: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Renee knight: Thank you.
Renee knight: Welcome back.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, bus pass. I
Natalie Austin: Get a bus pass
Renee knight: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Pay every time you get on
Renee knight: An Ohio now.
Renee knight: On
Renee knight: Yeah, they get and they let you get on the bus on the back door. You can be daunting deployment.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Wow, that's pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: So do you have to get into the back and then after the front or you just go in and after the
Renee knight: Bag everything you've done for the back
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Interesting.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Renee knight: But I'd get a blessed that
Renee knight: Every month anyway.
Natalie Austin: I gotta
Renee knight: Do my program.
Renee knight: But 531 days.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: No allergies. Good.
Natalie Austin: Opioid Use
Disorder.
Natalie Austin: Some complicated
Natalie Austin: Medications in here.
Natalie Austin: All your other medications.
Renee knight: Every day.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we have one at noon and one at six.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: You're so cute.
Renee knight: Yeah, I need it.
Natalie Austin: I didn't take it with me.
Renee knight: Number.
Natalie Austin: Take the motor like twice a day, or just day as needed.
Renee knight: As needed
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: medalists
Natalie Austin: Now, what does it profit. It is like 200
Renee knight: For
Natalie Austin: You
Natalie Austin: Do you know what does that one is
Renee knight: Not offering
Natalie Austin: Was put. Is it a pale ale or disprove as inhaler.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Yep, there's
Natalie Austin: 80 or 161
Natalie Austin: Do you remember how many
Natalie Austin: Three times a day, twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Three times a day.
Renee knight: 101 50 201
Yep.
Renee knight: And
Natalie Austin: Project 2020. Okay, perfect. Well you know your numbers for you.
Natalie Austin: Know their doses. That's awesome.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I know.
Natalie Austin: I've been
Renee knight: Here for a while. So that basically I will be no oh I forgot.
Natalie Austin: I knew. Okay. Yeah.
Renee knight: So cool. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What
Renee knight: Do you know okay I paid 100 what times a day.
Renee knight: And that takes
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is a five.
Natalie Austin: Problem.
Natalie Austin: Is it is it preventable. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Imagine
Natalie Austin: Let's see 1-234-567-8910 11 medicines like
Natalie Austin: 23678 910 yep we got them all.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Pharmacy number real quick so
Natalie Austin: At least it's a nice day today.
Yay.
Natalie Austin: That's good. Yeah.
Renee knight: Right tomorrow.
Renee knight: Right.
Natalie Austin: He's very last name night.
Natalie Austin: He is that correct
Natalie Austin: The birthdays in two months. Hmm.
Natalie Austin: And your zip code is
Natalie Austin: 43215
Natalie Austin: Yeah, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Did you get ever get any prescriptions outside of Ohio like in Pennsylvania or
Natalie Austin: No, no.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You lived in Columbus, your whole life.
Renee knight: No on
Renee knight: Your New Jersey. Yeah. Next Monday have been three years I've been here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're, you're from, you went to New Jersey for a while.
Now,
Renee knight: Since I was like
Natalie Austin: Oh, you were born there.
Natalie Austin: Oh, Pittsburgh. Okay.
Natalie Austin: OK.
Natalie Austin: And then so you are in Jersey from age two to 47
Natalie Austin: And then you went to Ohio. At age 47
Whoa.
Natalie Austin: Wow. Do you know anyone in Ohio.
Renee knight: Not, not too many people I'll be I'll need go
Renee knight: To my meeting and then I go back in a house.
Renee knight: I don't really know nobody
Natalie Austin: What made you moved to Columbus.
Renee knight: My mother, my kid.
Natalie Austin: Oh, they live, they move there huh
Yeah, they
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Now why did they move their
My mother.
Natalie Austin: Oh god, she's funny closer to her sister.
Natalie Austin: Do you miss New Jersey.
Renee knight: Yeah, in a way, in a way, I don't, because if I wouldn't, I wouldn't care down here I would been day
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you kind of, you have shenanigans there. How about
Renee knight: You. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Good for you. Okay.
Renee knight: All the three times in five days.
My god.
Renee knight: That right out the
Renee knight: Bat
Natalie Austin: Description for nor can
Natalie Austin: You can
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any on you now.
Renee knight: No.
Natalie Austin: No, you don't need it now that you're
Renee knight: Clean. No. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good. You're not going to slip up again. Right.
No.
Renee knight: That's right. Did I need to to me.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Renee knight: Leg on the peer support late he comes up, you know,
Renee knight: Our way but like she come here like three or four times.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Renee knight: YEAH, AND TAKE ME LIKE WE'RE I need places I need to go you know if I need to go shopping with something like that.
Natalie Austin: Tom nice
Renee knight: Clean see here
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Renee knight: So we have another nice conversation.
Natalie Austin: And going through all your med last and most of most of your
Natalie Austin: Your prescriptions are from Columbus.
Natalie Austin: Worthington, Leslie. Yeah, yeah. Papa care.
Natalie Austin: Okay, did you get a prescription filled in on New Jersey.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yep, I'll show up. I have to probably change my date range here.
Natalie Austin: Did you get Suboxone field there.
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, they were
Renee knight: Out what did he say it wasn't like maybe for me. I didn't
Renee knight: Get my Suboxone and that's it to the next month.
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'm back. I don't think the count.
Natalie Austin: Me to get some more recent thing that's probably why.
Natalie Austin: Now we do all them.
Renee knight: I like to me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, no good for you. I think they're good for you. Absolutely.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: The current, the current Suboxone clinic, you go to do they do urine drug screens.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And how, how have you been if they've been
No.
Renee knight: I had they haven't tested me only been here like I
Renee knight: Said they did like a day.
Renee knight: Okay, like that.
Renee knight: Eight to 10 days.
Or 14
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay. So yeah, you're brand new to that clinic. That's okay. Well, this will be nice if you go with us, you know, once you transition where you are transitioning over to us don't have to leave your house and take
My goodness.
Natalie Austin: Bus all morning.
Natalie Austin: My stars and
Natalie Austin: How you do it.
Renee knight: Like
Natalie Austin: I know. Yeah, it's good. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're right. I guess you're right.
Natalie Austin: I know you
Natalie Austin: Know,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, are you on like a
Natalie Austin: Where do you live near your mom and your daughter.
Renee knight: Know all about
Natalie Austin: Okay, are you liking a housing complex, are you
Today,
Natalie Austin: You have neighbors and stuff and you get along with the second you some company.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are they people like your ages, everybody's about similar or
Renee knight: Yeah, or different
Renee knight: In
Renee knight: A second
Renee knight: Not toss out a piece. And I didn't know if he thought. So since
Renee knight: We got a computer room that I locked
Renee knight: Me in the lobby that can be used.
Natalie Austin: As
Natalie Austin: A group out
Group.
Natalie Austin: Nice.
Natalie Austin: Live around you as well.
Renee knight: Yes.
Natalie Austin: I'm just typing.
Natalie Austin: One sec. I'm still typing here. I'm getting all your stuff in the computer.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's all. So we don't
Natalie Austin: Have to be this long just
Natalie Austin: This is the initial intake just takes a little bit longer because all the paperwork.
Renee knight: Just do we have, like, oh one.
Natalie Austin: You can have one on one with me. I
Renee knight: Have a group
Natalie Austin: That we go to. That's what the groups are on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: It's a group meeting, but it's
Natalie Austin: I'm in there as well as a group medication.
Meeting.
Natalie Austin: Somebody would you prefer to have one on one with me or which is
Natalie Austin: Fine, you can do that. I'm available all day Mondays.
Renee knight: OK, cool.
Natalie Austin: So just asked for that and then
Natalie Austin: We can schedule that for you as well.
Renee knight: All right.
Natalie Austin: Well, you can
Renee knight: Get you want but
Renee knight: Yeah, we can absolutely
Natalie Austin: Um, I'll let me let Danielle know here. Let me text her real quick.
Natalie Austin: A certain time. Good for you.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Anytime.
And then
Natalie Austin: I'll send you the zoom room for Thursday for that group.
Natalie Austin: Or to group.
Natalie Austin: Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Or six. The line is kind of full
Natalie Austin: Six people. Okay.
Renee knight: Yeah, that's cool.
Natalie Austin: A third group because we're getting so big.
Natalie Austin: And you have an
Natalie Austin: Email right
Renee knight: Yes.
Natalie Austin: So they should send on like your urine drug screen information and your
Natalie Austin: lab work information and your appointment information all
Natalie Austin: Your email. Okay.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: You get it on your phone or do you have a computer computer
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Perfect.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Renee knight: Okay, they said.
Natalie Austin: Oh, no.
Renee knight: Room. They shut anything down we can either be outside our partners.
Renee knight: Ah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's a bummer.
Natalie Austin: You got a pretty mask. That's pretty cool. I like
Natalie Austin: Who did you say gave that to you which person.
Renee knight: Report, they
Natalie Austin: Say your hair support lady. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that was nice of Rachel to do that.
Yes, I want and profiling.
Renee knight: Get on the bus broke down.
Renee knight: And then make that quick.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I live in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and that's how it is here to you. Can't they will let you in the stores without maps.
Natalie Austin: They have the right to turn you away now.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's how it is here to
Renee knight: That
Natalie Austin: One first time you got to see them.
in Pittsburgh.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Maybe after all this virus, you get to come go meet their your friend, your family in Pittsburgh.
Natalie Austin: Huh.
Natalie Austin: Take a long bus ride be fun up
Natalie Austin: Your prescription over to the pocket.
Natalie Austin: Pocket Barry
For you.
Natalie Austin: So do they call you on your prescriptions are ready. I don't know what they do.
Natalie Austin: Know your other medicines do you have to pick them up today too.
Natalie Austin: Okay, last week. Gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Did they deliver some places around here, deliver their meds. Now they deliver them.
Natalie Austin: Oh darn
Natalie Austin: Sorry to make you go back out again.
Natalie Austin: You said you like going out right
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I guess that's good for you.
Natalie Austin: Everything else looks good.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
No.
Natalie Austin: Are you going to see your, your mom or your kids today.
Natalie Austin: Do you see them on your phone or you talk to
Natalie Austin: Them on the phone, or do you see them.
Natalie Austin: On your phone.
Natalie Austin: I forgot to ask you to your kids have kids or your grandmother
Know,
Natalie Austin: What kind of young
Natalie Austin: In today's day and age, they don't have kids when they're 16 like they did back then, huh.
Natalie Austin: I texted Danielle our secretary and she reached out to you about appointment for Thursday. And then for next Monday. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just look out for your email here a little bit.
Natalie Austin: Then, usually we send the, um,
Natalie Austin: The prescription for the
Natalie Austin: Lab lab requisition in the urine.
Natalie Austin: That'll also be an email and
Natalie Austin: We also send it west. You guys have quests around you.
Natalie Austin: Know they try to find the nearest lab for you to go
Natalie Austin: To do a search on your zip code.
Natalie Austin: You don't have any labs any quests.
Natalie Austin: And they'll just send you the racks, you can go to the hospital or somewhere close
Okay.
Renee knight: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We're pretty good about fact will fax over all that information to the lab.
Natalie Austin: For you, so you don't have to take anything with you.
Natalie Austin: That'd be nice. It's one less thing you have to carry
Natalie Austin: You're okay with everything else you're doing
OK.
Renee knight: OK.
Natalie Austin: No thoughts of relaxing.
Natalie Austin: Good. Awesome.
Natalie Austin: We're gonna work with the full work.
Natalie Austin: With you and for you and more together. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome, and then
Natalie Austin: The groups or groups on Thursday are pretty fun. There's like usually 10 to 15 other people in there.
Natalie Austin: And they're all pretty cool. Everyone talks about
Natalie Austin: Their week you know anything new going on and
Natalie Austin: And you could
Natalie Austin: Say your two minutes, or you just listen to everybody else what they have to say.
Natalie Austin: And then Rochelle is up is the therapist. She usually has a
Natalie Austin: Like a topic that we talked about every week.
Natalie Austin: It's different every week.
Natalie Austin: So it's pretty fun. She has she tried some videos, a couple times, they were pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Last week we were playing some music on the radio.
Natalie Austin: Was pretty cool.
Natalie Austin: Enjoy the rest of your day. Okay.